heroes and villains of the afternoon the solvit space
we are pleased to introduce you
plus a new feature on the channel
the new imagines bolic frame theory
that with the direction of our
dear trash park
the bag will go crazy or almost this
in this context as the name itself
suggests we'll talk about the most bizarre
theories about a proportion of subjects
and know the stops in this land of
heroes and villains
already to begin a varied in the
The terms we've been picking up today
we will talk about something that marked childhood
of many young people of the 1990s
ladies and gentlemen, today we will
theory of super powerful girls does not
Will you deny me not that you watch?
So, but I'm connected that you're a boy.
Pixote kid who is watching and
other side you watched and watch until
today if it happens on TV because it was a
drawing very incarnate then production
change the mood of the environment and please
the super powerful girls is a drawing
produced in 1998
hanna-barbera and a few years later
by the cartoon network studios although the
television show us a history
fun of every holy day 3 in
society in the years and the
super mystical powers nobody imagines
that behind this whole universe of
colors and fantasies may be something
terrible quite disturbing the three
little girls alone cute and
distortion are in fact traces of a
unique personality whose name is
unknown by the public then here
Let's baptize the raven this girl.
suffers from five mental illnesses
multiple personality disorder
posttraumatic stress disorder
schizophrenia disorder
personality for the night and disorder
of depersonalization between the girl
vichy upset because of the
development of
multiple personality comes from the abuses
who come suffered in childhood by his brother
the older one represented in the
her associations like a crazy monkey
biggest enemy of heroines
We started with a little girl, she's small.
I have blue eyes and a hair
blonde always tied it symbolizes the
innocence newspaper the raven
is not submissive weeping but in rare
occasions it becomes unmanageable
aggressive mind symbolizing raven
wanting to shred his brother, however.
greatest of these frustrations is manifested in
Sweet, it was already mine, it's a girl.
smart has eyes
brown and long hair and symbolizes
that they relive whenever they are or
be mature and safe witty she acts
as leader in most situations and
always succeed in coming to terms with
the other two personalities
while the candy is a bit rough it has
green eyes and black hair short she
symbolizes the thoughts of hostage
retaliation against his brother 's
revealed yesterday prudent stubborn and mouth
dirty
Yes it is a side of her that is deeply
Affectionate with the people you love
but this is the other two
as she had already said
manifests a little more in the line we have
also a crazy monkey that monkey
black hat with a hat over a
your skull and your brain is totally
visible it was created by the teacher the
Tonio figure pages to nations and
super powerful girls were created
Then, and there you ask me, it's more than
that the crazy monkey has to do with all
this good theory is where it begins to
make sense crazy monkey and girls
super powerful are related because
they share the same creator in the
reality your creator the teacher the
Tonho is your father.
the relationship between girls and a monkey
crazy is actually Germanity in the drawing
they are constantly in conflict
posttraumatic stress disorder
dm developed for being accused
constantly by his brother trauma of
have to fight and defend themselves from it all
the days manifest in this way the
crazy monkey even reveals the episode
who feels jealous of the love the teacher
Antonio dedicates to the girls that in fact
the rage of the rave world in the
all the villains featured in the
drawing are manifestations of abuse
suffered by her and her demons
schizophrenia for those who do not
know is characterized by hallucinations
visual aids on tv to fat vivas
in this case the three personalities of
raven make sense if we judge
that the girls are completely gone
of reality companies in children's glasses
being that almost all the villains of form
of dolls and toys
suggesting that raven has long suffered from
young woman there is not a day in the
life of the super powerful in which a villain
attack or conspire against peace in the
city the mayor owns a telephone
to get in touch with them
in case something goes wrong happen
girls are not consciously
worried all the time about something or
someone attacking the city
but always some time during the day
in which they hear an alert in
forced to drop everything they are
doing to go to another mayor is
better definition in anguish and the fear
in the mind of Rimini the alert is always sounded
that your brother is approaching her fact
seeing yourself as heroin allows you to
feel worth something in your
world because physical and emotional abuse
your brother's constant
your self esteem
another disease that girls are
sufferers are personality disorder
for the night the paranoia that the girls
feel immediately obvious to the
public because it has a more
deep in my girls are always
prey in their gay world in have much
real fear and can not deal with your
idea of ​​being locked up in a hospital
for the rest of life itself a world of
Their fantasy fantasies are
heroines who have effective powers
to fight evil she created this place
imaginary to protect it from reality
their last illness is the disorder of
depersonalization after all you do not see
raven just watch her three personalities
this happens because in every series you
assumes a view of raven is
demonstrating to the public that sees ie
herself in the three personalities of
super powerful girls the disorder
depersonalization for those who do not know is
characterized by the sensation of being
even watching on a screen
and that is how the drawing is
shown to us
galera most important part
of this theory which was the
fact that it does psychologically
sense and biologically it was
written by an anonymous woman on reddit
then it may actually be true but
This is it folks, people are staying here.
this was the first video of this painting
I hope you have enjoyed this
theory really is a bit short but I
I want you to eat, have a close one.
theme and your criticism there for us
Improving on the picture, beauty left here.
Did you like to subscribe?
a hug and said